 + Castle Clinton Slaughter check tags JC as a murderer too easily
 + MJ12 Confiscate grenade count glitch
 + Ghost Laser Sight in the MJ12 capture sequence
 + Modified Bot alliance in MJ12 lab is reset by breaking a window
 + Datacube falls out of the MJ12 lab level
 + Belt isn't cleared prior to being sent to the MJ12 lab
 + Able to drop items just before they are confiscated at the MJ12 lab
 + Various fixes to keep Paul alive and present until the 'Ton raid
 + Going out the window even when Paul has been saved makes Paul dead
 + Ford Shick doesn't show up in later missions after you've rescued him
 + Statue secret entrance to the lab in Maggie's flat doesn't move in GOTY
 + MJ12 troops in the secret lab play audio barks, making it not very secret
 + Hopping out of the Triad compound makes Gordon Quick try to kill you
 + You can kill Bob Page in the lab under Versalife
 + Entering the code twice for the UC lab destruct stops a bunch of the hazards
 + Final Hell's Kitchen visit has no music (GOTY only)
 + Ray the Odd Mechanic isn't neutral
 + No MissionScript or startup text for the Vandenberg tunnels
 + Hologram of Bob Page at X-51 can be startled into running with a grenade
 + Things shot over water never properly die
 + Changing weapons relies on inefficient Unreal Tournament SwitchWeapon command
 + Ford Shick tries to give you an Aug Upgrade with the wrong object name
 + Buttons do not light obviously enough (bUnlit is not used)
 + Couch texture switch doesn't work
 + Invincible NPCs will drop their weapons sometimes
 + Weapon info screen doesn't display bonuses in Recoil or Reload time due to skill
 + Sometimes there will be two JoJo Fines in the 'Ton
 + Game can only process 16 resolutions at a time, starting with the lowest
 + No upper limit on the amount of skillpoints you can have, which can cause a crash
 + Some Mission Scripts require the exact name "Unconscious" to count properly
 + Pistol Downgrade trick

 - "Hack/Pick/Multitool then pause" exploit
 - "Inventory Received" window doesn't combine two instances of the same item
 - Friendly bots at Vandenberg will kill the X-51 scientists if they're hit with friendly fire
 - Various NPCs are friendly instead of neutral (Lebedev, etc.)
 - Conversation system doesn't support transfers from non-DeusEx classes
 - Cloaking is not nullified when you are on fire
 - Non-explosive projectiles don't break glass
 - Checking bodies for inventory can lead to an infinite loop, or somehow derail to your/another NPC's inventory
 - Logspam when NPCs weilding GEP Guns try to lock on to you
 - Various instances of logspam due to shoddy DX code
 - Shooting on the main dock before Alex's message makes Paul hate you
 - Throwing knife "ammo" has no icon for the items received window

 ? Aggressive Defense can "detonate" throwing knives, darts, and flamethrower fire
 ? Paul can be tricked into using lethal weapons against the NSF
 ? Ammo you haven't picked up is displayed in the weapon info screen
 ? Bullet tracers move very slow
 ? Overlap inventory exploit
 ? bTriggerOnceOnly doesn't work right for triggers (various infinite skillpoint loops)
 ? Patrol and teleport MissionScript functions do nothing
 ? Silenced Assault Rifle doesn't make enough silenced shots
 ? Unarmed NPCs can plow through obstacles (A.K.A. "Nicolette the Tank")
 ? "Inventory Received" window doesn't show proper counts for ammo given
 ? NPCs magically stop burning when they die
 ? Bullet spread is weird and inconsistent
 ? No price and product display on Vending Machines
 ? Carried items are forcibly thrown at the start of a conversation (e.g. TNT to Gunther's face)
 ? NPCs know your exact position when you are cloaked
 ? Extra Soda/Candy textures are not used
 ? Conversations with animal speakers attempt to invoke nonexistant animations
 ? There are two additional unused sounds for Rats
 ? Paul's answering machine (and the message it comes with) are not in the game
 ? Unused VOIP conversation between Lebedev and the unknown party
 ? Phones do not properly support the variable which determines their ring sound
 ? Ammo pickup amounts from frobbed corpses is always 1-4, instead of based on the default pickup ammount
 ? OMG I CANT GET ON TEH BOTE
 ? Throwing Knives suck
 ? Spawned AugmentationCannisters have no augs in them
 ? Unconscious description doesn't include the name